Address comments from Tommy Jensen (#5)
boucadair/add-resolver-information: draft-ietf-add-resolver-info.md

   In order to prevent DNS response forgery attacks, DNS clients MUST either use an authenticated secure
   connection to the DNS resolver or use local DNSSEC validation ({{Section 10 of ?RFC8499}}) to retrieve the resolver information.

   If a resolver supports DDR but does not support RESINFO, the client	
	can receive a positive RESINFO response from an upstream DNS server	
	or an attacker.  To prevent such an attack, resolvers supporting DDR	
	MUST convey the "sig" attribute.  DNS clients using DDR for encrypted	

> 	resolver discovery quering for an RESINFO RR MUST validate the	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	resolver discovery querying for a RESINFO RR MUST validate the	
```

| Name   | Value Type | Description | Specification |
|:------:|:----------:|:------------|:-------------:|
| qnamemin | None | The presence of the key name indicates that 'qnameminimization' is enabled | RFCXXXX |
| exterr   | 16-bit unsigned integer  | Lists the set of supported extended DNS errors. It must be a value in the "Extended DNS Error Codes" registry.  | RFCXXXX   |

> | infourl  | string  | Provides an URL that points to a unstructured resolver information that is used for troubleshooting | RFCXXXX     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| infourl  | string  | Provides an URL that points to an unstructured resolver information that is used for troubleshooting | RFCXXXX     |
```

> | sig      | binary  | Provides signature of RESINFO RR for data origin authentication | RFCXXXX     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| sig      | binary  | Includes a signature of RESINFO RR for data origin authentication | RFCXXXX     |
```
